Add pre-commit and black packages in dev requirements, edit README (#2010)
Clinical-Genomics/scout: README.md

be found [here][matchmaker-scout-sharing].

## Development

> To keep the code base consistent, formatting with [Black](https://github.com/psf/black) is enforced.

Reviewer: Enforce is a forceful word.😉 How about adding another sentence, like so:
```suggestion
To keep the code base consistent, formatting with [Black](https://github.com/psf/black) is always applied as part of the PR submission process via GitHub Actions. While not strictly required, to avoid confusion, it is suggested that developers apply Black locally.
```

Author: Good suggestion, file edited!
